# Data Scrap of Property Management Companies
## General Goal
Facility companies often need to collect data about the intermediary of their services, in this case, Property Management Companies. The general goal is the search for leads. A friend of mine asked me for some help in this matter. I had to create an Excel spreadsheet of companies containing email and phone numbers. The companies should offer their services in the province of Madrid, Spain.
## Planning the Tactics and Obtaining the First Result
Since collecting data from a list that results from a Google Search is time-consuming (14 complete data per hour, dph), I took a different approach. On the internet, some companies openly offer that data. With this idea in mind, I wrote a code in R to scrap that data. It took me 10 hours to assess the information, write the initial code, test it, prepare the final script, run the code, and send the final result to an Excel spreadsheet. After a check to delete duplicate cases, I added 788 entries to the database (78.8 dph), which resulted in a 5.63  times higher efficiency rate. Unfortunately, this database does not contain the emails. 
## Second Attempt
Once the appointed team thoroughly assessed those results, it became clear the necessity of more accurate data. People and no companies were a better source of information. Fortunately, Spain has an Association of Property Managers with a website and an accessible database. A caveat in this case was that the URL did not change after we introduced search terms (property managers of the province of Madrid). If the URL remained the same, we could try to use R Selenium or directly copy the HTML from the inspect view. We opted for the latter option. Once copied, the HTML became a text file inside our R project. From there on, we used some regex to extract the data. In 90 minutes, we manged to collect 2009 names and contact details. Again, there were no emails, but at least more precise data were available.